Son, Blood Moon is the second largest pack in New York.
It will only benefit you and the pack, if you marry.
I've met my mate personally, so stop digging your nose into everything.
Why don't you take her home if it's true?
I'm old, but I'm not having to make it yet.
If you're old, you should know I'm the only heir to your alpha throne.
You won't have any future alphas in your pack if I'm unwilling.
And I have such an evil son, my new.
Go!
Any leads on my mate?
Still looking.
But as we have no idea about her appearance and name, it's hard with only limited information.
Sir, I'm afraid Alpha Can will keep pushing on you.
I'll find a way.
Take me to the firm.
Excuse me.
What can I do for you?
Hi, I'm Lisa Sterling.
Hi.
First day.
I keep my distance.
Back of his head looks...
Do I know him from somewhere?